Update command outputs to k8s 1.13 based (#12771)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/job/automated-tasks-with-cron-jobs.md

{{< codenew file="application/job/cronjob.yaml" >}}

> Run the example cron job by using this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the example CronJob by using this command:
```

Run the example cron job by downloading the example file and then running this command:

```shell
curl -sO https://kubernetes.io/examples/application/job/cronjob.yaml

> kubectl create -f ./cronjob.yaml

Reviewer 2: instead of having curl, can you please change kubectl like below?

`kubectl create -f https://k8s.io/examples/application/job/cronjob.yaml`

Author: @DanyC97 Got it.
